Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the no slip - quit bad habit app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices, created by Hassan Gougard (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS."

Information Collection and Use

The Application does not collect any data from you except for your name, which is used solely for display purposes within the Application. This minimal data collection ensures your privacy and is only used to personalize your experience in the app.

The Service Provider may use the information you provided (your name) to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing promotions.

Third Party Access

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties as described in this privacy statement.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policies regarding data handling. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

Google Play Services
AdMob (for displaying ads by Google)
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:

As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
When they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
With their trusted service providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information disclosed to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Opt-Out Rights

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Data Retention Policy

The Service Provider will retain the data provided (your name) for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like them to delete this data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at wareact@gmail.com and they will respond in a reasonable time.

Children

The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider at wareact@gmail.com so that necessary actions can be taken.

Security

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information processed and maintained.

Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-08-13.

Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at wareact@gmail.com.